Gwenevere Abriel: Michelle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, hi. I can hear you. I can't see you yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn your video off. Let's see if we can. Oh, there we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, oh we so you are
Gwenevere Abriel: First of all, good morning to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are on little sleep is that kind of the message. I'm getting
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, she's um well one of the motivation of this one on this side, but we don't register for and he just having a hard time at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Baby
Yeah.
Rochelle Martinez: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what
Gwenevere Abriel: We started last week, not last week, last time we met, we go down and cons of interaction, for sure. How are you doing around
Gwenevere Abriel: We can talk as little or as much as you want around pandemic topic. I really like to pace with people. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you around that topic.
Rochelle Martinez: Very much, David. That was not a mom.
I think
Rochelle Martinez: Everything. No one has mode out but um
Rochelle Martinez: I guess this by getting in routine that doing all the necessary steps to
Rochelle Martinez: Being cannot out a little bit like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Rochelle Martinez: During show you could do but
Gwenevere Abriel: What about how your mom and grandma are feeling
Rochelle Martinez: Well, my mom doctors have come down with that one was in ICU and one
Rochelle Martinez: To recover it at home. So this is a little good every day. Do not even because
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah.
Rochelle Martinez: To happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're keeping it sounds like you're saying you're keeping
Gwenevere Abriel: A sort of healthy perspective on you're doing everything you can. And
Rochelle Martinez: That's what I'm doing. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll know when it goes overboard. In other words, when that's not working anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where we register signs that we have red flag sort of emotional experiences when you're losing sleep from overthinking
Gwenevere Abriel: When you notice you're overeating under eating irritable with people. Those are pretty common signs that our mood that we've got something kind of behind the scenes going on, you're really going to want to take a close look at that, or any of those happening to you.
Rochelle Martinez: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, good. I'm so glad if they do, let's address them right away. Okay, have compassion for yourself. Realizing okay I'm probably getting wrapped up in my, what if worst case scenarios.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm running them too often, I'm feeling it with more supportive evidence of my worst case. What if we got to interrupt those negative. What if thoughts go over to
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I'm doing everything I possibly can. And I'll address anything that comes my way I will address it in a moment right now is there's something urgent, I need to address. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: The baby. Okay. Am I sleeping. Am I eating that's kind of the basic sequence. You see, it sounds like you're kind of doing those kind of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you creating time for still walking outside some physical exercise. What are you doing to still stay in motion, and not just cooking cooked up in in the place
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, I mean, the kids go for a walk in the afternoon.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the kids still don't know what's up right
Rochelle Martinez: Well, my nephew, he's already
Rochelle Martinez: Going on TV and everything so he knows
Rochelle Martinez: coronavirus
Rochelle Martinez: Clean, but he's not
Rochelle Martinez: It's not sure where he's nervous about it, or where he losing sleep or anything like that out of it you know they made me just
Rochelle Martinez: See what's going on is no
Rochelle Martinez: Typical kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything else
Gwenevere Abriel: surprise you that given. Remember, let's do some some reinforcement of how far you've come right just going back a couple years right
Gwenevere Abriel: And you imagine that you would ever feel like you do right now, which is, I got this right.
Rochelle Martinez: Not it took it's taken a minute to like
Rochelle Martinez: Even just
Rochelle Martinez: Chill. My nephew and just like everything. You know what I mean, they get any
Rochelle Martinez: More like I just felt overwhelmed with everything and like now I don't feel like that. Like, like you take it as a column you know the meaning
Rochelle Martinez: Learn how to deal with it at the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you see that you have more stressors.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about it. Don't you
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that something less really honor how powerful the mind is and that when we're not catastrophizing something when we say, you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have to think about everything all at once. I'll just face the thing right in front of me. I have the skills. I'll just handle it when it's right in front of me I have trusted myself of self regulate I'll be okay. It does no good to pile them up and put out worst case scenario.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just doesn't
It overwhelming.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's really neat. I appreciate you letting me go there for a second because it was neat to witness you saying today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because remember, like, I've got little stories in my head of, you know, what will it be like if I have to go to the pharmacy, you know, what will it, I might have to have a medicine. My someone else's medicine to the card near me. Well, I use it like
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, a Benz, whatever. You know what I mean.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you look now take a look and really honor
Gwenevere Abriel: What can be right there in front of you and you still maintain a sense of self efficacy and poise and you manage it.
Rochelle Martinez: crazy it's crazy. The way your mind works.
Rochelle Martinez: And the way you just go with it and
Rochelle Martinez: If you come late, not a question to
Rochelle Martinez: You become accustomed to your surroundings and what's going on and you learn how to deal with the night without panic without
Rochelle Martinez: Fear and without so you just
Rochelle Martinez: Know how to deal with it and
Rochelle Martinez: Crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so now you know when you run across people that doubt themselves right when they're faced with difficult obstacles and they're wrapped up in the mindset of what if this horrible thing happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a lived experience of saying, I've been there and we have to shift our mindset. We have to shift it to thinking about other things having a what if scenario. That is what if
Gwenevere Abriel: I turned out to be an even better than person than I thought what if I'm an amazing Mother. What if it turns out I'm an amazing daughter and friend and woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we spend time over in those what ifs instead of our automatic fear activated, right, the amygdala working. What if the worst case scenario. Instead, what if we turn our attention to those other ones. It takes effort.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it has a positive outcome. And it doesn't make you naive and it doesn't, it's not going to turn you into a sucker where people are and take advantage of you, it means you're going to have a happy day
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have back to back, peaceful days. Who wouldn't want that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't. You didn't become a soccer. Did you did. Did anybody knock on the door and swindle you out of something
Rochelle Martinez: Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, see that that ability which is is
Gwenevere Abriel: Our oldest part of our brain, the one that keeps us safe. The one that sees constantly vigilant. Right. It's that limbic system response that reptilian brain it's like okay, is this dangerous it's dangerous, but that part of the brain way at the base of our of our brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only does that we've got a key in other parts of our brain that are more evolved. We've got to counter those automatic initial fear responses with more evolved thinking and you're doing it.
Rochelle Martinez: About it that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Rochelle Martinez: Good. What do you need
Rochelle Martinez: And the bottom of the fridge. On the bottom shelf, all the way to
Rochelle Martinez: The bottom, bottom
Rochelle Martinez: To the baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: What milligram dose. You got these days.
Rochelle Martinez: I'm done the same 1.7
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I'm assuming, you'll stay here for a while, while you're on your own. So, yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like a pretty safe dose.
Rochelle Martinez: About going down, but it wasn't. What's up, gentlemen. It was with the doctor before that they said that maybe you should set the tone.
Rochelle Martinez: For pain management and not going any lower
Rochelle Martinez: But maybe
Rochelle Martinez: If I said to him, that that would be a
Rochelle Martinez: Better reason to relapse back your head, you're like oh nice to take on the lower type shit, you know, to me,
Gwenevere Abriel: That is all the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all craving. That's all trigger. That's all that same high risk stuff that thought you just had that's addictive thinking. So it sounds like what do you know the name of the doctor was it Tracy Jackson, who do you think
Rochelle Martinez: I remember watching this, but you know what, I, I still don't think
Rochelle Martinez: Like that, like that addictive behavior so that
Rochelle Martinez: Quick note on your lower let me miss a couple days of Madison to Boston and I take one type shit you're not. I mean like before.
Rochelle Martinez: That was the hardest part of my brain, saying, oh, you could go three days without us on a good enough. Those and you could do drugs or whatever and then come back in three days, and we'll start again. Do you know to me.
Like
Rochelle Martinez: I don't that part like I haven't thought about that, like,
Rochelle Martinez: Like even just in general that and so long that it
Rochelle Martinez: Has enough my mind because I know I'm an addict and I really love that anytime, but
Rochelle Martinez: I just don't feel the need to shut down.
Rochelle Martinez: That that that sense of
Rochelle Martinez: Of using doesn't excite me the way it did before, like before I was just like the whole
Rochelle Martinez: The whole setup like
Rochelle Martinez: Having to go find them just like everything that was just excitement that you'd get doing it and make no
Rochelle Martinez: I don't know that same thing
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing a great job.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, what I am interpreting what you're saying is the following the voice that you hear is yours, it's you. Those are your thoughts. Those are the healthy authentic, Rochelle.
Gwenevere Abriel: That in her life she's looking at the next thing in front of her and solving problems. She's just enjoying her life appreciating things as they come.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I'm hearing you say is the voice right which is a thought. But you know how I like to
Kind of separate the voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: You haven't been hearing from her it in a long time. So I'm thrilled that means your voice. You are loud and strong and confident
Gwenevere Abriel: An automatic maybe even and that's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that literally tissue that you grew because you did the hard work, initially you had to do the thought stopping until the addictive voice shut the F up
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you had to push it out. And maybe that initially was that that negative one and you pushed it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you grew tissue and another part of your brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now when there is a distress that happens in the body. Something gets anxious or physical pain or there's
Gwenevere Abriel: sadness or there's excitement. Guess what you're now because you've over and over and over met it with healthy solutions and getting in your life in a healthy way. You now have grown brain tissue literally synapses in your brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that is now becoming the eight lane highway that you think of first
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah.
That's exciting.
Rochelle Martinez: Give me one minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanted to kind of highlight something. I don't know if it would interest you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may have already checked it out, but I wanted to just kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Show you this is an easy, you know, as you continue to sort of develop the self, and this is a really little book.
Gwenevere Abriel: They can continue your journey sort of independently.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's called The Four Agreements, I know Dr. Gabrielle has brought it up, and I've had a group topic around it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll show you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's kind of fuzzy. I'm going to find another version.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'll read it out loud, and then I'll find a better version. So they basically there's four agreements that this book proposes as sort of a way of living, let's say, but what I look at them is a place to explore a personal growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: The first agreement and really you're making it with yourself, is be impeccable with your word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Speak with integrity say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself like you know that negative self talk or to gossip about others use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Gwenevere Abriel: And second, one over there on the right, the purple kind of periwinkle color don't take anything personally. Interesting. Let's see what it says nothing others do, is because of you, what others say and do is a projection of their own reality their own dream.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others. You won't be the victim of needless suffering.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that make you think about that one.
Rochelle Martinez: That just like what I'm like
Rochelle Martinez: How I'm dealing with stuff now. Like, I'm not taking things personally like
Rochelle Martinez: Like example my grandma has a hard day at work or whatever. And she's coming. She's being
Rochelle Martinez: grouchy and a bit or whatever and
Rochelle Martinez: I try to not take it personally I'm
Rochelle Martinez: Understanding that she's overwhelmed with work and vector. Second example of you know the meaning
Rochelle Martinez: You just would give her her
Rochelle Martinez: To give her her her space school showers whatever and just unwind and then we she wants to talk about it. We'll talk about it later after dinner, whatever. If not, then
Rochelle Martinez: We won't do you know what I mean. But just trying not to take everything so personally
Rochelle Martinez: Everybody has a bad day, everybody, not everybody life is going great. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's, that's exactly how you turn this concept into action. So you were able to in psychological phenomenon, you were able to see a separation between yourself and mom or grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: So grandma's actions opinions behaviors and what's coming out of her mouth is about grandma, let's say, or about mom, even if it's accusations labels judgment of you, it's still her opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can separate you from who you are, identity, how lot right how you feel, what you actually think from someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a powerful tool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it gets more difficult to do that thing you just described.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we're in an intimate relationship. Can you picture that
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but take pride in what you're doing now, but revisit. Hmm, how can I do this also with a daughter, how can I do this also with
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because we also really need our kid right in a moment. They really have this perspective, you know, that might happen with with daughter or it might happen with a lover right happened in there where we need them to see us in a particular way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's use that thing you did with parent with your own grandma with your own mom, you can use that same skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: With someone where love is on the line right where all this, they have to see me as valuable and important in the way they're talking doesn't sound like they see me as valuable as an important
Gwenevere Abriel: And we push our agenda we push our opinion of ourselves and make them see us in a way that we like. That's where it gets difficult, but it's the same skill one you're using. You can also use this in sort of that romantic relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you picture the challenge that that might be
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, your smile.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's painful. It's so hard to sit with. Wait a minute. I don't have a right to change someone else's opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not really, not at its core.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they want
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll, we'll try, you certainly tried. Right. I don't want to be seen as a bitch, or as a selfish or something right someone saw you some particular way in in like hearing about it like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you've really really worked at maybe trying to get them to change your mind. I don't know if you have a story around how this
Rochelle Martinez: It was it's more like you were being selfish type shit. You know what I mean, it's
Rochelle Martinez: Just like a attitudes like attitude towards like that. Do you know what I mean like know my daughter had oh I think come off this weekend.
Rochelle Martinez: And
Rochelle Martinez: She was like, well, I need the car. And I'm like, nah. Well, I'm already gone. Do you know what I mean, you're, you're using get how fun
Rochelle Martinez: And she was accused of being selfish type thing nine being selfish. You know, I was gonna do this and because of that you I'm well, thank you. And I get home.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could have been really if you wanted to, you could have been very pissed off what she said.
Rochelle Martinez: Oh yeah, I could have dropped off at the top. Do you know what I mean.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, I could, I was a good. You know what I mean like I even let you were my dad gave me in a bad mood today. Can I get that.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But your younger self. Couldn't you have gone to, are you kidding me, I'm taking care of your baby and you're calling me selfish, you could talk like what
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, like like that that can come out of my mouth, but I came out of a friend's mom that I was with you know what I mean. And I was like, dude, like you don't even know what responsibility is
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, I ain't even gonna are you today. No, but yeah. Have a nice weekend, hopefully when I get home.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's but earlier. Do you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: With let's say your acts where you had no tolerance for some for her maybe seeing you in a life that you didn't like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's the one. There's real freedom and being like, whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't there.
Rochelle Martinez: And anything above them even more than sitting there and arguing with them about it this time, whatever, you know, they mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, okay, but also respect in the self that when you do fall in love again because you will
Gwenevere Abriel: No matter how hard you try to stay away from people I see you over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: This may come up. It is more challenging. Okay. It is
Gwenevere Abriel: Just knowing that it's the same skill, just remember back, I was able to do with my daughter. I was able to do it you know with with Mother and grandma separate my opinion of myself from what someone else's opinion of me is I can hold on to myself. I will not abandon myself. I will not
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the commitment. That's the agreement.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I'm showing this to you because it kind of encapsulates these concepts sort of neat and tidy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it sounds like
Gwenevere Abriel: You kind of already have big pieces of it. Let's take a look at the third one in the red. What about this third agreement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Find the courage to ask questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: And to express what you really want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstanding sadness and drama.
Gwenevere Abriel: With just this agreement, you can completely transform your life, what are they talking about here, find the courage to ask questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: may switch this up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And to express what you really want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Communicate with others as clearly as you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't make assumptions.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would I would change this to don't make negative assumptions, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe just hold on loosely to those assumptions you know i mean like
Gwenevere Abriel: You could be just as likely to be wrong about your assumption is right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just take that first sentence.
Gwenevere Abriel: How, how are you doing those things. Ask direct questions express what you really want what you really want. That's a part, I wonder about you when you're
Rochelle Martinez: Out. Yeah, I think I'm getting like a little bit better at that. But I think they started like trouble doing that whole ask questions and
Rochelle Martinez: And expressing what I really want like I'm
Rochelle Martinez: Like, for the most part, I do, but there's still that
Rochelle Martinez: Still queer or
Rochelle Martinez: Where I don't like all this bite my lip and
Rochelle Martinez: Walk away. You know what I mean like instead. And it's not that I'm afraid of confrontation, it's just
Rochelle Martinez: There's some days you just don't want that confrontation. Do you know what I mean.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you hear yourself just now. It's not that I don't want confrontation. It's just that I
Don't want. Yeah.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If, if some days it's not worth it. Right. And we get to pick our battles we get to decide, you know, is what I want worth fighting for it and things like that. But I guess my question is to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: When is it going to be time. Is it time. Is there something
Rochelle Martinez: I don't know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, when it shows up. Maybe you'll know because maybe you'll notice you're angry. Maybe you'll notice you're irritable. Maybe you'll notice you're sad, maybe your body will get sort of tight or anxious or not it up and then that might be a signal you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it might be time to actually put some energy into what I want. Maybe I've been sacrificing in this area of my life and I want to have these things for myself. So just tune in, don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Concrete. We don't want to do any one thing all the time. Any, anything can be too much. We can overdo anything. Even the repression of our core needs, wants, and preferences ya.
Rochelle Martinez: Know, I've been taking time for myself every weekend I I said my my baby will my mom on Friday night, and I just
Rochelle Martinez: Leave
Rochelle Martinez: Me back for the evening so
Rochelle Martinez: It's at the beginning, it was like a little hard to be like, Well, I just need this time no matter where the fuck I'm going, I'm just going to you know what I mean, like, I just need this came and like at the beginning your was a little bit like
Rochelle Martinez: All day long on Friday. Be like now just won't go
Rochelle Martinez: I'm thinking about 100 reasons why shouldn't go and
Rochelle Martinez: Quite shouldn't do this, or whatever. But now it's gotten to where like, I'm like, it's four o'clock. Are you looking at awake it type shit.
Rochelle Martinez: You know, didn't mean like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: That is a sign of this find the courage to ask questions to express what you really want. That's actually a piece of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see the big he
Rochelle Martinez: Let me have somebody walking. She's eating.
Rochelle Martinez: sugary.
Rochelle Martinez: I don't want my baby.
Rochelle Martinez: She started walking about two weeks ago, I don't want you agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: Slimy
Rochelle Martinez: Like to share
Rochelle Martinez: Thank you. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: She wants to share. She gives you the good stuff.
Yeah.
Rochelle Martinez: She's, she's tried to talk more
Rochelle Martinez: She's walking. She's, she's not calling it all her teeth are fine meal coming out.
Rochelle Martinez: Getting her own little personality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, enjoy those cheeks. I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Teachable
Gwenevere Abriel: I like hearing that you've you've made some serious headway in
Gwenevere Abriel: Being able to to create time for you to unwind to refuel even if it's literally to sit and stare in space. I'm not kidding you don't
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to justify it, you get to just be doing nothing that's just fine. We need it. We need to rest our mind rest our bodies.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm really glad you're continuing to do that. Let's just take a peek. Just so I can have this full circle. Let's take a look at the fourth one.
Gwenevere Abriel: This last one, this for a great fourth agreement is your best is going to change from moment to moment, it will be different when you are healthy, as opposed to sick under any circumstance simply do your best and you will avoid self judgment self abuse and regret.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your best is going to change from moment to moment you see that when right when you're tired your best right now this morning you showed up anyone
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the knots. The best that's the same for everyone. We can't be perfect, whatever that that inner bar is of expectation we just do our best with what energy we have with whatever mood, we're in. Have we eatin, haven't we, this is just this is what my best looks like right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are your thoughts on that concept.
Rochelle Martinez: And now you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to change from moment to moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will be different when you are healthy, as opposed to sick under any circumstance simply do your, your personal best. Not mine not anybody else's and you will avoid self judgment self abuse and regret. Sometimes our best is just being awake during the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And moving on cruise control and other days have more spontaneity and vitality and we're getting our walks done we're even doing some journaling, we're doing some reading are falling through with some of the bills or paperwork that we've been avoiding
Gwenevere Abriel: Then that's what our best looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that thing you're doing where you're in the moment that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's that that part right there. So this is these are just the snippets of The Four Agreements, it's an actual little book. It's a little. It's like this is about that thick and it's this big. It's a tiny little book probably
Gwenevere Abriel: And I went to a couple hours maybe to read if you ever want to
Rochelle Martinez: On Amazon or what
Gwenevere Abriel: Amazon and I just run across this looks like sign up to be informed about special offers and events. This is free ebook send me a free ebook. That's kind of cute. You get a free one
Gwenevere Abriel: Right here, I just happened to see this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Online course. Now this is a free ebook circle of fire. I don't know. It looks like the same author. I was hoping it would be. The Four Agreements, I don't know if they're going to send that one for free.
Rochelle Martinez: I'm gonna I'm gonna get on in
Rochelle Martinez: Order to get. Oh.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the author done. We go through is author of The Four Agreements sits down with Oprah to discuss his fourth and favorite he likes that fourth one, the one we were just talking about always do your best.
Gwenevere Abriel: I always do your best to avoid self judgment. So yes, he talks with Oprah in there, huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could be cute.
Rochelle Martinez: Are you reading this, like on the on the site and you just Googled the book or what are you on Amazon.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I was on. If I go to Amazon I'm
Rochelle Martinez: Just on Google.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just go for
Gwenevere Abriel: Agreements.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it's six bucks 650 some tiny
Gwenevere Abriel: Little he looks like he's done some other things.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I think this is probably, you know, probably a good
Gwenevere Abriel: Piece. He could hardly wait to tell us. People were
Gwenevere Abriel: But they were no words to explain
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to tell the others, but they could not understand that God's got an audio book too.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so let's schedule something maybe two or three weeks out. Does that feel right for you.
Yeah.
Rochelle Martinez: Me. Yeah, that's fine. I have nothing on day
Gwenevere Abriel: Something changes. I'm just text me and we'll move it around. I appreciate this last time i think i i had to shift. Something I appreciate your
Flexibility
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, the other kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: To you soon.
Rochelle Martinez: Okay, you have a great dinner.
Rochelle Martinez: Good rest of the week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I say
Bye.